Two knights quarrel in the street over a mundane matter

A thief is stealing all sweet pastries from bakeries around the city.

An aspect of a god takes the throne of a small kingdom near the one you are currently in.

Summons by a King

Summons by a Queen

Summons by a Jester?

Summons from a prominent adventurers guild.

Summons from a rich corporation asking for mercenary support

Summons from an old man.

Summons from a high priest

Summons from a legitimate heir to a throne

Summons from an old and experienced adventurer

Summons from a suspicious hag or witch.

A Roc steals the caravan you are travelling with.

A king or other ruling figure grows mortally ill.

An artist would like help creating their masterpiece, requiring a party of adventures to pose with a killed monster.

A difficult to join guild is offering an opening.

A creature from another plane appears, insults the party, then leaves.

A dying warrior desires death by combat.

Many of the towns undesirables have been banding together, the local authorities want this stopped.

Demand for rubber has gone through the roof, due to a fashion trend.

A gem mine collapses suspiciously, and its contents have been declared free for all.

A new type of cheese has been developed, Gourmets would like to know if it is poisonous.

Rich Nobles want rare liquor from around the kingdom for an upcoming party.

The price of fish is up, now is the time to buy a rod.

A rich man is offering a reward on a “personal” item

A rich woman is offering a reward on a “personal” letter.

A brothel is offering anyone that can “surprise” on of their workers a reward.

A competition for "best Lover" is being held.

A specific treasure is desired, a local wizard is willing to help discern its location.

A bee keeper is looking for a few new queens.

Dyes are in demand, due to a new religious craze.

A dragon needs somebody to file down its claws.

Crafting guilds are not cooperating and intermediates can make a lot of money.

You fall into a pitfall trap, something interesting is at the bottom of it.

The barracks need strong fighters to help train troops.

You receive a letter claiming a member of the party is owed inheritance.

More and more youth in the city are being drawn to the bard profession. It has become a popular to engage in duels where the only allowed action is viscious mockery until one side collapses.

A local dungeon has become so nice that the monsters are not leaving it to terrorize the villagers, upsetting the local adventurer's guild who is now out of work.

Everything in 6ft radius around a Bard catches fire whenever he starts singing.

The party encounters a gang of Djinn trying to rob a master thief of his recent score.

The captain of the guard is low on manpower and hires the PCs as temps. They end up working traffic and making routine house calls.

There is a new fad among the nobility to keep Lycanthropes as pets and slaves. The Emperor wants the party to put a stop to it.

One day the party wakes up and finds they have no reflections.

Two Mummy Lords have awoken at the same time and both are laying claim to the kingdom.

A fey thief has stolen the PC's shadows and is running away with them. The shadows are only too happy to be free and aid the fey in their escape.

During a social encounter (ball/banquet/etc) a minor noble approaches one of the PC's and begins loudly demanding recompense for some perceived slight. He challenges the player to a competition (combat/poetry/song/dance).
